Add information on 530 Error (#7064)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/known-issues.md

request.headers.delete('cf-workers-preview-token');
return await fetch(request);
```
## Fetch API in CNAME setup

> - When using Cloudflare Workers' Fetch API the Cloudflare DNS resolver is being used. In [Partial (CNAME) setup](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/) for a zone this has special implications. All hostnames that the Worker should be able to resolve require a dedicated DNS entry in Cloudflare's DNS setup. Otherwise the Fetch API call will fail with status code [530 (1016)](/support/troubleshooting/cloudflare-errors/troubleshooting-cloudflare-1xxx-errors#error-1016-origin-dns-error).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you make a subrequest using [`fetch()`](/workers/runtime-apis/fetch/) from a Worker, the Cloudflare DNS resolver is used. When a zone has a [Partial (CNAME) setup](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/), all hostnames that the Worker needs to be able to resolve require a dedicated DNS entry in Cloudflare's DNS setup. Otherwise the Fetch API call will fail with status code [530 (1016)](/support/troubleshooting/cloudflare-errors/troubleshooting-cloudflare-1xxx-errors#error-1016-origin-dns-error).
```
